good morning everyone so as per I am
running late at the start of the week
it's a great Monday morning my lectures
start in just under 15 minutes so I need
to head off as soon as possible
welcome to a new week we're midway
through week two of time because our
weeks start on Thursdays it's very weird
but you'll get used to work yeah today
I've just got a couple of lectures this
morning a coffee break in between them
which is always a highlight of the day
am I feeling on top of my work kind of
like terms going okay so far that's the
update let's get going let's start the
week
well my first lecture was on stellar
atmospheres followed by a quantum
mechanics lecture at the math department
and that's right I'm sitting in the
front row then I went into college for a
quick lunch before heading back to my
room
lectures are finished they were good
today I think I actually followed both
lectures fairly well I have my first
supervision of the year tomorrow which
is on my relativity lecture course we
actually have a lot less supervisions
this year than in previous years I now
only get one supervision every two weeks
per lecture course and I've got four
lecture courses so see provisions are
about half as frequent as they were last
year
so basically we're being left to it a
lot more than we were before
it also means I need to be more on it at
myself to get the lecture she questions
done rather than relying on deadline set
by other people to make myself do them I
just need to be self-motivated and go I
should do these problem sheet questions
just because it will help me understand
the lectures but I actually do have a
deadline tomorrow it kind of is the
supervisor hasn't technically said do
these questions but I think it would be
a good idea to I was supposed to do more
over the weekend but I forgot how good I
am at procrastinating I am very good at
procrastinating I started playing the
basketball game on facebook messenger
against my friends where you have to
kind of swipe up on your phone and try
and get as many basketballs into the
hoop as possible and I'm addicted and I
don't like it when people have got a
better score than me so I keep playing
to beat them
yeah I'm addicted to games
my phone which is not ideal when I've
got a load of relativity work to be
doing
[Music]
hello everyone so I've been working and
it's just one of those afternoons where
I'm trying I'm writing stuff but it aim
dropping out at what I want it to it's a
question that's like a show that
question so I have the final expression
I want to end up at I just can't get
that so I think I might call some help
in because two of my friends in this
house
take the same electric horse and
hopefully they can point me in the right
direction because I've actually got like
two full pages of algebra and I think
I'm over complicating it it's just not
dropping out what I wanted to and that's
this really long expression I have here
is equal to C tan Phi hello everyone so
I went and asked him for some help it's
a difficult question he struggled with
it too I've tried so many different
tacks and I still have not got there I'm
gonna leave it for five minutes or ten
minutes or half an hour do you know one
like you leave and then you come back to
something and send something it comes to
you that's what I'm hoping is gonna
happen because I am gonna go to CAF and
get some food my friends are going out
for dinner this evening and they're
going to the cinema I'm not going
because they're going to see Joker and
it's not really my sort of film I
instead I'm gonna go get calf take away
eat dinner in the kitchen come back up
have another look at this question and
then I've got a concert band rehearsal
this evening while they're all at the
film so it's kind of timed itself well I
need to get changed first cuz I am NOT
going to cash in my fleecy leopard print
trousers not a good idea I have my calf
take oi know it's really spicy I've just
realized and I don't like spice and
realize it's gonna be spicy it's
Brazilian themed night at Catholic
seasoning so it was all Brazilian food
and it was written in Spanish Portuguese
whatever the Brazilian people speak that
was like what the food was written in I
don't understand what any of it meant
anyway I don't rest till afterwards but
this is definitely got those jalapeno
peppers in
which is bad because I don't like spice
oh it's burning the back of my throat
yeah but here it is I am alone in the
kitchen I just said goodbye to my
friends who all off turn Nana Max and
then to the cinema okay so it turns out
that actually when you're eating by
yourself dinner goes a lot quicker
because you don't waste time chatting to
people which I normally do when I'm
eating alone quick easy BAM foodie turn
back to work today such a quick
efficient day I mean I did prefer eating
with other people because you know we
all need a break from work and when you
all need some social time but it's
actually quite good now cuz I have a
whole hour before I have to go to
concert bands so I can use that time to
do some more physics
okay that's band rehearsal complete
walking back now off my clarinet I'm a
music stand I'm heading back to the
kitchen it's actually Ed's birthday
today so we're going to give him his
present from us all and there might be
cake as well so I am very much up for
that
[Music]
[Applause]
okay bet a little bit later than planned
I did manage to sneeze my alarm for an
hour it's still early enough that I can
get showered get ready and fear in an
hour of work before a head off to
lectures okay I'm heading to lectures
it's actually been quite a productive
hour of work this morning so pat on the
back to me right to lectures I'm not
sure if I'm gonna have time for coffee
this morning I've only got 15 minutes
till the lecture starts and I'm still
here and I need to get over to the
department but I reckon there might be
time to grab a quick coffee before I
head over to my second lecture of the
day so it's all planned out guys
okay I've had my first lecture of the
day and I've walked over to the physics
department just got myself a coffee in
my keep cup because I don't think we
were allowed coffees at the IOA
at this time because we're supposed to
go before lectures and I saw someone go
off and asked and lady wasn't too happy
and I was like okay I'm just gonna go
buy my coffee from last cafe instead and
I'm just heading off to lectures my
friends should be there because I share
this course with the physics students so
my friends who study physics will
already be in the lecture so we're going
to join them then I've got a super
straight after
and now I'm heading back to the IOA for
a soup oh yeah yeah and after that it
was lunchtime
okay I've just finished my lunch and
it's three o'clock I don't even know how
I've managed to cut into the afternoon
so much well I do because my soup I
finished it too but it's just annoying
cuz now I've got a shortened afternoon
I've only got two hours 40 minutes until
dinnertime at which point am I gonna be
that hungry the supervision was really
good my relativity supervisor is good he
seems to know what he's talking about
the relativity course is it's definitely
gonna be challenging I think it might
beat my most challenging course this
term morning guys I am so tired
I stayed up quite late last night
playing a board game with my friends I
used to get some energy in me I've just
made myself my lunch and little box to
take with me because I know I'm not
gonna come back to college today I'm
also just filling up my I'm gonna put
this in the fridge at the time dealing
actually it's got chicken in it I need
to go have a shower coz I am NOT going
to lectures like this
hello everyone so I've come back from
that just this morning I haven't really
spoken to you because my phone died
I was so organised this morning yet I
made myself a packed lunch to take with
me to the department so I didn't have to
come back between lectures because I've
got a lecture this afternoon which is
all the way out in West Cambridge again
then they email out saying CAF is
cancelled this evening and I need a hot
meal today
I need my veg so I've cycled back to
college I'm going to go to CAF now I
think by myself cuz no one's around
during the day which is really sad but
I'm also going to print some stuff while
I'm going into college as well because
I've got some lecture notes and example
sheets I want to print and I've got just
under two hours for an hour and 45
minutes until I want to head off to my
lectures again I'm gonna get the bus
this afternoon I know this is peak
laziness but it's cold outside as well
anyway I'm rambling I'm gonna head off
after I'd printed out my work in the
library I walked through Chapel Court
towards cap
I am just going for a second round of
printing because I did not remember
everything earlier and I've just got the
bus back from lectures and the library
is kind of on my way back so it's on
route it's fine here you can see my
large scale printing operation I have
two printers going at once water pro
after completing my second round of
printing I headed out of college and now
will fast forward to the following
evening Bonjour everyone it is the
evening I've had a day of lectures and
fun and it's like productiveness I do
yeah I would class myself as having been
productive today I've got so much to do
that even with a productive day I still
feel like I've got so much to do I don't
know how this happens I don't know how
I've let this happen
but I feel so behind but this evening
I've been editing of your cuz you know
when you have lots of work what better
to do than neglect that work and just
edit here I'm just grabbing lunch
between lectures the maths Department
has a rather large seating area which
you can just chill out in hey hey so
it's been a good morning of lectures and
afternoon actually it's already quarter
past five I've just spent the last hour
finishing my edit of my vlog and it's
done excellent yes I'm such a great
youtuber I've got about an hour before I
want to start getting ready for formal
and I'm meeting my parents at 7:00 as
well because they've been busy doing
their own thing today have I even
mentioned I'm going with my parents to
formal this evening they're very excited
they've never been to a formal before
which is quite shocking considering I'm
into my third year at Cambridge now and
they've never been to a formal and I was
like you know it's an experience you
need to have so basically they've come
to stay over this weekend it was my
mom's birthday earlier this week anyway
so I think it's kind of like her
birthday weekend celebration thing they
literally said this to me on the phone
they said we're not coming to Cambridge
to visit you it's more of a sightseeing
trip and enjoying Cambridge trip a trip
away rather than a trip to see their
daughter
you're just making sure we have a meal
on Friday night and I was like oh that's
nice but they have been very helpful
they've dropped off some pads of paper
for me and I'm looking forward to seeing
when this evening because I haven't seen
them in about a month yeah I'm gonna
just make sure my video uploads and make
a thumbnail and then do half an hour of
work and then get ready for formal
[Music]
hello everyone so I am formal this
evening
there have been no fellows he has been
quiet she lacks formal the menu has been
really nice
I liked the starters maybe one of my
favorite warm starters of the time I
like noodles and I like beef and it was
a mixture of the two so that was good
the main was salmon and I don't normally
like salmon would I liked the main and
that shows you man I don't like some
dessert unfortunately was a panna cotta
I don't like panna cotta and as as nice
as a panna cotta could be it's never
going to make me like it but my parents
are over here and they are having a good
time I think they're quite taken by the
formal experience they've been
mentioning coming back a second time but
I'm not sure how lucky they'll be with
that Tim's family have been at Foreman
as well here's Tim I have come to brunch
with my parents this morning College
brunch is canceled so it's timed itself
quite well my friend is going to be
taken into the outdoor store shortly
because it has a few issues with the
battery the battery life is not good the
battery is in very ill health so it's
gonna get a replacement battery but I'm
not going to talk for a while so you
know this might be the last update with
the book but thank you very much for
joining me in this week subscribe to my
channel give the video a like if you
enjoyed it hit the notification bell
follow me over on my Instagram and I'll
see you soon with another video guys
[Music]
you